[17.0][MIG] partner_aging: Migration to 17.0 (#768)
OCA/account-payment: partner_aging/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module, you need to:

> 1.  Go to Accounting
> 2.  Click on Sales \> Customer Aging or Purchases \> Supplier Aging
> 3.  Change the date if necessary

Reviewer: Maybe we could change the path to better match the actual naming? Not detrimental. 

```suggestion
1.  Go to Invoicing
2.  Click on Customers \> Customer Aging or Vendors \> Supplier Aging
3.  Change the date if necessary
```

Author: Fixed.
